Jiang Zhenghai, there are so many of us
Do you think it would be appropriate to just give me a table?
And Shen Jiaren
This invitation doesn't seem to be very expensive.
It should be no problem to send four or five, right?
Ok ok no problem no problem
I'll get someone to do it now
Don't be too proud
Sooner or later, I will kill Yu Hao
What are you doing this one
You bitch
It's all your fault
Shut up for me
Hurry up and speed up the fourth master
Mr. Four
Sorry Mr. Four
You can see it, go away
Thank you Mr. Four
Hurry up
Si Jingchen, don't think that Master Jiang is protecting you
I won't touch you
It was meant to end
Qin Daiyu Village, one of the royal guards, three days later
Will appear at auction
You know what to do.
Don't worry sir
I've already made arrangements
Then you will meet an old acquaintance of his
Who is the old acquaintance?
Sijin City Sijin City
I will keep you coming back